1st Phase Technical Test for Backend Developer - Singularity Limited

Dear Candidate,
Thank you for your interest in Singularity Limited. Please read the instructions very
carefully. This test was not meant to see how great you can code, but more necessarily
how much conceptual understanding you have to be considered as a proficient Backend
Developer.

Let's assume you have to develop a solution for a telco. They have a few simple requirements
with respect to their application.
You are now responsible for developing an application based on PHP (Laravel), including
REST API for mobile application.

Backend Administrative Panel Task
● User CRUD -
● Role CRUD -
● Permission CRUD -
● Outlet CRUD -
● Adding permissions to a role -
● Adding roles to a user -
● All Outlet show in Google Map with marker
● Report about outlet activity

REST API Task
● Get Outlet List
● User Login
● Outlet latitude and longitude update
● Post Outlet Activity Data
● Logout

Relative Information
● User roles : Super Admin,Admin,Field User
● Outlet Activity : Outlet image (multiple) ,visit date
● Report : Show all outlet activity with filter as like date range,specific outlet wise

Note:
● Use OAuth2 for REST API login
● Admin and Super Admin user can not login using REST API
● Field user can not login in backend administrative panel

More specifically, you are required to provide the followings:
(1) Problem Statement and Application Scope: We need to understand if you have
understood the story and the problem well enough. You need to explain to us what you
have understood from the story above and what exactly you need to do to solve and
develop this system. You can write down and mention it in the email that you will be
sending us.

(2) Schema Diagram: Based on your understanding of the problem, you need to draw out
the database schema diagram. This is required so that we understand you have a solid
understanding of managing databases. You can provide the schema diagram in any format
you like: can be made with dbdiagram.io or it can be just a hand-drawn picture.

(3) GitHub Repo/The Codebase: Upon developing the Application, you are required to
submit it to us. We would prefer to access the codebase through GitHub. We expect you to
follow the basic practices of PSR-4 coding: error handling, defining environment variables,
following a convention,comments etc. You are free to choose any database you would like
for this application.

Once again, we would like to emphasize on the statement that we want to understand how well
you understand the backend development concepts rather than how good you can code. We
believe good coding is just a logical sequence of good understanding of the problem.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact our representative.
Best wishes!


Workflow:
create new repository from Github Desktop
create laravel project
create new Database
configure .env
Add reCaptcha


